What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	A .git folder is created with the initial metadata for the repository.
	The git system needs to know about a workspace that needs to be tracked.
	So, git init does that.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
	Staging area is to hold the files that I wanted to commit.
	Working directory has all the files that I'm working on.
	Repository stores the complete history of commits.
	Commits are done at various logical checkpoints.
	At each logical checkpoint I want to commit a subset of the files in the working directory.
	Staging is very helpful in this case.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
	Small incremental changes can be staged multiple times.
	When there is a logical checkpoint then use commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
	During development there are cases of experimenting new features.
	Ideally the experiments should be created as a new branch.
	Another case is to have branch for variations of the core program.
	This keeps the code based organized.
	Eases checking out commits, comparing them and tracking the head.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	The tree like diagram helps understand how the commits progressed.
	The branches are seen with a chrono order of the commits.
	It is easy to find if there are any commits that are not reachable.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
	The commits in both branches are merged and it is made the tip of the tree.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
	Automatic merging saves a lot of time.
	But may not work as intended at all times.
	Manual merging can get annoying depending on the number of conflicts.
	It may require the two people to get together and resolve together.